README.md, before:

# Interlou

A theme for [Micro.blog](https://micro.blog). An interlude for your thoughts.

## Installation

In Micro.blog, go to **Design → Edit Custom Themes → New Theme** and paste:

```
https://github.com/llbbl/interlou
```

## Development

This theme uses Vite + Tailwind CSS for styling.

### Prerequisites

- Node.js 18+
- pnpm (or npm/yarn)

### Setup

```bash
pnpm install
```

### Build CSS

```bash
# One-time build
pnpm build

# Watch for changes
pnpm dev
```

The built CSS outputs to `static/css/styles.css`.

### Workflow

1. Edit styles in `src/styles.css`
2. Run `pnpm build`
3. Commit the built CSS
4. Push to GitHub
5. Micro.blog will pull the updated theme

## Customization

### Colors

Edit the CSS custom properties in `src/styles.css`:

```css
:root {
  --background: #371554;
  --background-alt: #451d67;
  --text: #eeeeee;
  --text-alt: #cda0f4;
  --accent: rgb(217, 70, 239);
  --accent-alt: #490123;
}
```

Or modify `tailwind.config.js` for deeper changes.

### Fonts

The theme uses:
- **Rubik** for body text
- **Roboto Mono** for dates and navigation

Loaded via Google Fonts in the base template.

## Credits

Inspired by [Outpost](https://github.com/mchlhyns/theme-outpost) by Mike Haynes.

## License

MIT

Commit message:

Add external dependencies section to documentation and integrate Highlight.js for syntax highlighting

README.md, after:

# Interlou

A theme for [Micro.blog](https://micro.blog). An interlude for your thoughts.

## Installation

In Micro.blog, go to **Design → Edit Custom Themes → New Theme** and paste:

```
https://github.com/llbbl/interlou
```

## Development

This theme uses Tailwind CSS v4 for styling.

### Prerequisites

- Node.js 18+
- pnpm (or npm/yarn)

### Setup

```bash
pnpm install
```

### Build CSS

```bash
# One-time build
pnpm build

# Watch for changes
pnpm dev
```

The built CSS outputs to `static/css/styles.css`.

### Workflow

1. Edit styles in `src/styles.css`
2. Run `pnpm build`
3. Commit the built CSS
4. Push to GitHub
5. Micro.blog will pull the updated theme

## Customization

### Colors

Edit the CSS custom properties in `src/styles.css`:

```css
:root {
  --background: #371554;
  --background-alt: #451d67;
  --text: #eeeeee;
  --text-alt: #cda0f4;
  --accent: rgb(217, 70, 239);
  --accent-alt: #490123;
}
```

Or modify `tailwind.config.js` for deeper changes.

### Fonts

The theme uses:
- **Rubik** for body text
- **Roboto Mono** for dates and navigation

Loaded via Google Fonts in the base template.

## External Dependencies

The following are loaded from CDNs in `layouts/_default/baseof.html`:

| Dependency | Version | Released | Purpose |
|------------|---------|----------|---------|
| [Highlight.js](https://highlightjs.org/) | 11.11.1 | Dec 2024 | Syntax highlighting for code blocks |
| Google Fonts | — | — | Rubik + Roboto Mono fonts |

### Updating Highlight.js

Check for new releases at https://github.com/highlightjs/highlight.js/releases

Update the version in `baseof.html` (both CSS and JS URLs):
```html
<!-- CSS -->
.../highlight.js/11.11.1/styles/tokyo-night-dark.min.css

<!-- JS -->
.../highlight.js/11.11.1/highlight.min.js
```

## Credits

Inspired by [Outpost](https://github.com/mchlhyns/theme-outpost) by Mike Haynes.

## License

MIT
